IMUtating Documentation (#8)
RIT-EVT/IMU: README.md

# DEV1 IMU

## Introduction

### DEV1 IMU

> The Inertial Measurement Unit measures linear and angular acceleration of the bike using the BNO055 chip. More metrics (gravity, linear and angular velocity, pitch/yaw/roll, and the surrounding magnetic field) can be calculated from the two. The IMU also reports any relevant data over CAN. Such data provides general information to the bike on its orientation and allows other boards to act accordingly for optimal performance. The system is based around the built-in BNO055 chip. The firmware is written for the STM32F334K8U6 microcontroller designed into the DEV1 IMU.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Inertial Measurement Unit measures acceleration and position data for the bike using the BNO055 chip. This chip provides a number of metrics, including gravity vector, linear acceleration, angular velocity, Euler angles, and the surrounding magnetic field. The IMU exposes this data over CAN, providing general information to the bike on its orientation and allows other boards to act accordingly for optimal performance. The system is based around the built-in BNO055 chip. The firmware is written for the STM32F334K8U6 microcontroller designed into the DEV1 IMU.
```

I made a few modifications here to make things as accurate as possible. It's important to note that the raw sensors the IMU is using are an accelerometer, magnetometer, and gyroscope. It "fuses" the output of these three sensors to generate the final output data that we read in and use. Basically, this means the chip is doing a bunch of hard math so we don't have to. Importantly, though, the chip does not output linear velocity because with today's technology, it's basically impossible for an IMU to report linear velocity correctly.

On a completely unrelated note, we generally keep line lengths at 80 characters or less. If you're including a hyperlink or something, it's okay to go over, but if you're just putting a big block of text, make sure to break it up between words, so each line doesn't go over 80 characters.

The DEV1 IMU will have the following responsibilities:

> 1. Measure linear and angular acceleration in 3D space (X,Y,Z) of bike

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Measure linear and angular acceleration of the bike in 3D space (X,Y,Z)
```
I just think this sounds a little better

> 2. Expose the system over the DEV1 CAN network

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Report measurements over the DEV1 CAN network
```
The reason for this difference from the BMS is that the BMS can be controlled over CAN, whereas the IMU does not take any inputs from CAN

For more information on the BNO055 chip and its features, refer to its [datasheet](https://www.bosch-sensortec.com/media/boschsensortec/downloads/datasheets/bst-bno055-ds000.pdf).

For more information on the IMU and software level API, refer to the [Read the Docs DEV1 IMU page](https://imu.readthedocs.io).

### Documentation

Documentation is handled via Sphinx. To build the documentation, navigate to the docs/ folder and run make html. You can then open the generated docs/build/html/index.html.

To generate a PDF of the Software Requirements Specification, run the command rinoh docs/source/srs.rst --output docs. You can then view the PDF version of the SRS in docs/srs.pdf. The SRS is identical to the one generated via make html.

### Related Projects

> The DEV1 BMS is one component of the larger DEV1 project, you can find related projects in the [RIT-EVT](https://github.com/RIT-EVT) GitHub page. Additionally, the STM32f334 driver code is handled via the [EVT-core](https://github.com/RIT-EVT/EVT-core) project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The DEV1 IMU is one component of the larger DEV1 project, you can find related projects in the [RIT-EVT](https://github.com/RIT-EVT) GitHub page. Additionally, the STM32f334 driver code is handled via the [EVT-core](https://github.com/RIT-EVT/EVT-core) project.
```

# DEV1 IMU

## Introduction

### DEV1 IMU

The Inertial Measurement Unit measures acceleration and position data for the
bike using the BNO055 chip. This chip uses its sensors (
accelerometers, magnetometer, and gyroscope) to calculate a number of
metrics, including gravity vector, linear acceleration, angular velocity,
Euler angles, and the surrounding magnetic field. The IMU reports these
measurements over CAN, providing general information to the bike on its

> orientation and allowing other boards to act accordingly for optimal

Author: Took in suggestion and also:
- added the sensors and how the BNO055 uses it
- changed suggested *exposed data* to *report these measurements*  cause I think it's a little more clearer what is being done and keeps the wording consistent with the doxygen comments
